I'm a virgin I'm a virgin
I'm a virgin not only is my diet pure I
only eat raw fruits and vegetables it's
been 12 years that I've only done that
but my my I'm sexually pure this is
something that you've said so I can't
claim that it's my original thought but
I think what she's doing is mistaking
weakness is strength
ah and really focusing on this aspect of
purity as something that she's so proud
of you know I and when I before we even
clicked on the video I felt like I would
be more sympathetic to the video to what
she had to say and this video because
you're holding you know listen to what
she has to say I don't it's one of my
catch phrases but you're you're dead
right I didn't think of that at all but
I'm thinking about not just what she
said but the way that she said it you're
right she is she is trying to convince
herself that weakness is strength
yeah yeah right I mean so she's talking
about she's focusing on this sexual
purity and that she's really proud that
she's made it to this point in her life
that she if it hasn't felt right in the
relationship that she was in she wasn't
going to give up her virginity this to
me like is just mistaking I guess what
I'm trying to say is like she's had all
these experiences in relationships
like you know she goes through and talks
about the heartbreak that she's had I
think it's totally absolutely possible
to have a very deep meaningful
relationship to fall in love with
someone and have your heart broken
without having sex but why is it such a
bad thing that people like you know she
complains that men are trying to so
quickly in a relationship have sex to me
this is this was totally natural when I
was finally like had a boyfriend you
know
when I was 17 turning 18 it was so
natural for me to like want to have sex
like as soon as possible because you
know like this is my first experience
with it I finally have a boyfriend you
know like I've gone through all these
high school years like [ __ ] like no
boyfriend and like had been totally
focused on studying in school and stuff
like you know I was like [ __ ] ready
sorry I'm sorry swearing in this I don't
it'll be do monetized anyway right but
yeah no I mean like it's totally natural
and like she says like you know I'm
somebody who's very sexual I have these
sexual urges so why do you want to stop
there I think it's really you know why
you want to stop yourself it's obviously
what she said is because she grew up in
a family that was Christian she grew up
in a family where she wanted to be
perfect in the eyes of her parents and
you know I understand like once my mom
found out that I was no longer a virgin
you know she said like you used to be as
pure as the driven snow
that's literally what she said to me and
yeah I was I was embarrassed and you
know hurt and thought myself as thought
of myself as dirty at that point you
know I totally get it but at the same
time it's really I can recognize it's a
natural urge and why do you want to
repress this why do you want to make it
as something mmm
to be proud of that you're that you're
repressing yourself from acting on these
urges like when you're already in a
relationship with someone that you like
that you that you love that you have
this deep connection with why would you
stop yourself there but what I was gonna
say is you know she's demonizing men for
wanting to you know have sex initially
in a relationship pretty soon this this
really to me is not so bad because you
can determine pretty early on whether
you are sexually compatible or not and
whether you should continue wasting your
time like getting to know each other
deeply getting to know your families you
know like you have to meet people's
parents and meet people's brothers and
sisters and get involved go on family
trips and stuff like all this stuff if
you later on find out that you're not
sexually compatible you just
to me did you find out you should have
been you should have been just friends
well I've just been friends yeah yeah
yeah yes that's what she's saying that
she wants but I don't really believe
that's the case I think she's really
built it up in her mind as being this
this one stronghold that she has and she
doesn't want to let somebody in all
these things they're made worse by
self-righteousness yeah you know
self-righteousness and ignorance are a
really destructive really dangerous
combination whether it's in the context
of religion or politics and to me I mean
everything she says with such
self-righteous conviction is based on
comparing something known to something
unknown she makes these stark factual
claims about sexuality that sexuality is
a merging of two people's souls and
sharing amenity oh sorry [ __ ] how would
you know what is this based on is that
what you saw on pornhub is that what you
saw hunky Internet like no this is you
know this is self-righteous ignorance of
the worst kind
and then she's doing it you know the
kind of cast judgement on the whole
world around her as being less
spiritually elevated than herself right
and it all rests on these unquestioned
hallowed abstractions higher self your
highest self your highest purpose
assumptions about the meaning of love
and so on - and their assumptions in her
case that are not empirical they're very
much unproven and speculative I don't
know what it's like to drive a car I
could use my imagination yeah you know
if I was making similarly dogmatic
statements about the type of focus and
attention to detail you need you know if
I was saying to you in a totally so a
certain way that I think it's impossible
people that talk on the cell phone while
driving a car or something well I
wouldn't know that's non-experience I've
had and of course you know so I'm you
know just just saying and that this is
the kind of thing you're gonna do but
but it's way deeper
it's way deeper than a comparison to a
co-write yeah okay so I can also relate
relate to this sorry I don't want to go
on too long about this but I can also
relate in that I remember when I was in
high school I was also I was adamant
about never using drugs and there was a
certain amount of pride that I hadn't
that you know yeah and once I had you
know I I did not use many drugs and just
I used to smoke marijuana though so now
that I have like had that experience I
don't feel like this sense of pride or
this sense of like mmm
this is my purity you know that I
haven't had this experience and you know
I've heard other people try to explain
mushrooms like that experience or like
try to convince me that I should try
some other kind of drugs I'm like I
really don't like you said like I can
use my imagination I I can no
scientifically what actually happens to
the body these drugs but drugs that's it
before drugs are not part of your
identity the way sexuality right its
embody and later sexuality 24 / 7 so
true right driving a car is tough words
right like right who you actually are as
as a person you know like this this
really is
do I have urges we have desires yes of
course do I still love and kiss on
people and hold them and hug them and
yes and I'm not a prude the politics of
virginity I've been thinking about this
lately for totally unrelated reasons in
case you guys hadn't guessed topic of
the evening we're about to go to sleep
is that fully raw christina has come out
of the closet as a virgin she's gone
public with the fact that allegedly
she's a 32 year old virgin
I'm hoping this is not clickbait I'm
okay no I couldn't
it's not like I've never tried the
Nintendo switch before I don't know what
to expect I was just shocked to see this
recommended video in my youtube
especially because she's someone who
exploits her own sexuality honestok
and to some extent I got to be such a
[ __ ] that I think I think would be fair
to say she's a sex symbol for a certain
for a certain demographic she's a lot of
women want to be her I know a lot of
women a lot of men want to have her and
yeah yeah yeah I mean that's absolutely
how she's marketed herself
and you know I'm not hating but you know
she did the video on does she have real
butt breasts or fake breasts and you
know I mean her whole channel is about
the body period she can pretend it's
about the body and the spirit of the
mind but it is not it's about the body
it's about her body and now finally we
have made explicit some that's been
implicit all along her sexuality right
um I was talking to a female colleague
in veganism this is at least six months
ago a long time ago and she said to me
as a joke that she was engaged to get
married but that she and her fiance had
never slept together
that they were both could be virgins and
in that cot I did not know she was
joking and I was like really delicate
about it and really I didn't even bring
it up then but like something like two
months later I said look you know I
don't know it's a bad time to talk about
it but you should know it's really wise
to get married to someone if you haven't
slept with them 14 Oh like you know it
tried to raise this and it was so quick
and she just laughed she was oh no
didn't you know I was joking I was like
no I do not know you like that I did not
know you were joking I thought you were
sincerely telling me you were playing to
remain a virgin till marriage Yeah right
right right so that's one thing that put
some of mine another thing that puts
this question in my mind is that we
recently were looking at the this kind
of critique of sexual morality in the
Internet in the 21st century
I forget the youtubers name this
boring-ass youtuber yeah yeah I did a
response to her you know yeah yeah face
oh what's your name yes yes
yeah yeah uh-huh but she had a further
discussion where you know she's
basically talking about she claims that
having sex with many different partners
will never make you happy she goes so
far as to say that it is meaningless and
in me that raises a lot of philosophical
questions about what's meaningful and
what's meaningless in life you know like
I take it very hard to stand against
downhill skiing
I think downhill skiing and parachuting
parachute jumping I think those things
are meaningless you know I mean there's
a kind of counter-argument
you know where do you draw the line for
what's meaningless I don't think human
sexual relations are meaningless that
way I really don't know I think there
are a lot of interesting philosophical
issues there but I mean this is this is
what the debate comes down to ultimately
are you willing to actually valorize
virginity are you willing to valorize
living in ignorance of human sexuality
right that's what it is what is
virginity it's it's a form of ignorance
and unlike downhill skiing or jumping
out of an airplane with a parachute it's
not something that's can gentle to human
nature your sexuality is something you
inhabit and carry with you and
experience 24 hours a day and I do not
mean 12 hours a day even in your dreams
even while you're asleep your sexuality
is part it's part of the experience
being a human being absolutely 24/7 you
know so to remain ignorant of that and
to regard that kind of self-selected
ignorance you know virginity as a virtue
I think is it's destructive you know
yeah I mean some people just haven't had
the experience so you know I don't want
sure it's like maybe negative aspect to
say that it's like something that
they're ignorant of you write you know
they're but that but that really is my
position that really is and you know I
mean so we ever we have a friend and he
remained a virgin until about 30 right
and you remember I discussed it with him
and I
talked about different aspects of with
him I said to him look virginity is one
element that's just the actual sex but
having the experience of sharing an
apartment with somebody sharing a sink
with somebody doing dishes with somebody
you know there are so many other
elements linked to this experience
philosophical and resolving conflicts
absolutely there's so much tied into it
even just within the realm of desire and
sexuality in the narrow sense there's so
much built into it that sex sex in my
opinion sex is never just sex
not even if you want it to be just sex
there's so there's so much dynamism in
the human personality and para bonding
and stuff I think even even literally if
you watch interviews with porn stars you
know who have very brief professional
direction of the people sexually sex is
still not just sex you know what I mean
because it's this anyway so there's
there's a lot to it yeah I do regard I
do regard virginity completely
negatively and then that opens the door
to this other debate which will be in
some other YouTube video I mean you know
that doesn't mean I valorize sleeping
with a hundred different people or
sleeping with a thousand different
people and you know I mean sorry I'm
saying you pointing arrow or not
pointing the camera but you know I
haven't lived my life that one I mean
have little I've been free to like you
and me really haven't talked about like
we have I think we totally have you know
okay but to give an example if I guess
I'm just surprised I think we talked
about it like in the context when I was
saying to you like look back when I
lived in Thailand I could have slept
with a hundred women hundred like I
really did like have women stepping up
to me every day and not just Asian women
also white women a lot of white women
over there as tourists and I didn't do
that and this is why these are my values
in life and these are my priorities
that's why I didn't sleep with a whole
ton of women but this is my
philosophical view of sexuality and
there's a real contrast there you know
yeah that I regard this as as totally
negative yeah but that doesn't mean our
regard huge look guys guards this is a
20 minute long video you've got to make
a video titled why you're still a virgin
do 19 minutes and 21 seconds I don't
know I don't know if I can do it
Kristina like the Star Wars movies it
opens with a text role you already know
what I'm gonna be talking about if you
clicked on this video and if you read
the title and yep it's true I'm a virgin
you know it's funny that people always
say like oh you're so innocent I don't
think it's that I'm innocent I think
there are a lot of reasons for
discussing why I'm thirty years old and
I've chosen to keep my virginity this
long and I really believe that me
sharing this can help a lot of women and
a lot of people and can really help
bring strength to young girls as well
but when it comes down to it because
there's so much to be said about
pressure to have sex and society
pressure to be something that you're not
pressure to do something it's all about
society it's all about the negative
individual in their struggle against
Society III hate already the line of
reasoning here philosophically I already
think it's [ __ ] you know right I
think it's probably because I grew up in
a Christian background and like I knew I
knew my what my mom really wanted for me
was to be a virgin until marriage right
that's what she really wanted and which
which one is care is characterized as
pressure to be something you're not
because of society that to me is society
putting pressure and you know that's
that's this is an inversion of that
that's all yeah yeah
anyway but you you said you said the
first the first
nation on both both in those yeah both
ways like you know like I can sympathize
with Belt so like you know I had this
like Christian upbringing but I also
like felt that I was the age that I lost
my virginity was like too late you know
like like they're I can also sympathize
with that pressure what she's saying
like you know okay yeah but look look
look I mean it's not symmetrical it's
not that there's a doctrine as a
indoctrination on both sides gay people
are gay not because they're
indoctrinated to be gay and I
experienced my sexuality as a
heterosexual man nobody taught me to
feel this way right and I don't know
people who are afraid of snakes and
afraid of spiders
they don't weren't taught to feel that
they that's an instinct from a very raw
very real place it's not something
contrived so these things are not equal
and and virginity as a cultural concept
and purity and all the religious baggage
that is completely culturally contrived
oh yes whereas being afraid when you see
a spider and being turned on when you
see a member of the opposite sex or
remember the same sex whatever you're
into you know no that's as real as it
gets
feeling 100% confident in myself as a
human feeling confident and loving
myself as a woman especially as I've
just turned 30 and I'm moving into a new
stage in my life and being super super
super comfortable with every aspect of
my life my choices my sexuality my my
career my family my diet choices my
everything
because for me I couldn't imagine a
greater gift to give my husband than the
one thing that nobody else could
possibly ever have from me and yes I
grew up in a very Orthodox Christian
family so so so this Orthodox belief
that you're right it's a gift that
you're you know so your ignorance and
inexperience is a gift
yeah the fact that you're terrible in
bed that you don't know what you're
doing that you're probably afraid of and
apprehensive of sex as a 32 year old
woman whatever age she is you think
that's a gift
no that's also very messed up I really
don't yeah and I think that's damaging
to preach if this is true that a woman
is valuable to a man as a virgin then
she's in Saudi Arabia like like yeah the
sexual experience then with the next
partner yes devalued would be seeing it
something I know I know because you have
more experience and because you feel
more comfortable and because you know
what you like or like you're you know
you don't know what you like so sure
another experience and you decide okay
so I have a friend I got to keep this
real anonymous yeah of course I have a
female friend and she was a virgin when
she got married oh yeah and the marriage
ultimately fell apart and ended in
failure because they were not sexually
compatible were there other reasons yeah
but that is the reason period the other
things we're not as important or they
think these things could be resolved in
were resolved there were other problems
that is it now if you have only in your
life had sex with one man how do you
even know whether you're sexually
compatible or incompatible and if you
haven't had sex with until after you're
legally committed to spend the rest of
your life with them of course it's a
formula for divorce of course it's a
former's for disaster
yeah so even if that were the only
consideration the concept of virginity
being a gift
is already totally undermined and made
evil and counterproductive by that fact
you have to be able to tell whether or
not you're sexually compatible nor how
sexually compatible you are you have to
be able to get a feeling for that you
have to be able to vote because that you
know ultimately you know you're not good
at sex in a vacuum you're good for
someone else and with someone else and
with some other partner the chemistry
wouldn't be there or the parts don't fit
I've literally had that experience the
parts do not always fit sometimes the
compatibility is like Lego and DUPLO or
whatever you know it doesn't work
sometimes it's like that but of course
most of the time it's going to be
psychological it's gonna be emotional
it's going to be intellectual it's going
to be all those other intangible things
and there's just that it's just
ridiculous and there yeah it would be
damaging in the relationship too sorry
to get / Jory this is a personal thing
you know the first relationship that I
was in lasted a long time and I really
thought that I was going to be in that
relationship for the rest of my life and
there was a certain amount of dread that
I felt that this was going to be the
only person right I had ever slept with
that I didn't know what the experience
would be like with somebody else and he
kind of hummed that over my head even
when I talked about it even when I
talked honestly and openly about it he
was like you know I should be everything
that you need and as if you could know
as if you'd be in a position to know
that like right yeah exactly you can say
it as a compliment right you know our
sex drugs did not match up so sorry yet
yeah it's not a bad thing you know like
people have different sex drives is fine
but yeah I mean like there were many
reasons why I was unhappy and in that
relationship and like but to a certain
extent but socially compatibility was a
major factor just use the same
terminology yeah but I felt this like
pair bonding that happened like there
would be some you know
like I felt kind of like I needed to
just like okay this is the person just
stick it out I don't know why I don't
know why and it's really not the right
okay but I think it was partly because
of virginity sir you said it just a
little bit but you lost your virginity
with him yes and therefore you felt
right yeah yeah yeah look like there was
something special in it being just one
person sure no like one person know is
this about me or whatever there's
something special but I'm not gonna
attack there's something special thing
there's no there's something special
about the first time you did anything
you jumped out of an airplane or went
there no man I I get it there's
something I'm not gonna take for
something special away from you people
I'm not I'm not here to do that
but you know this concept that your
virginity is a gift that it's that to me
is is really toxic it's really damaging
yeah so Melissa I've never driven a car
in my whole life I've never once driven
a car you've never even been in the
driver's seat No
so is that a gift like is that a gift to
you or look what does it mean like oh
I'm in right it's hard that she may
teach me how to drive a car but like my
ignorance of driving a car is not a gift
it's not much ability my ability to
teach her Chinese may be a gift I'm you
know tutoring her in Chinese no but
that's that's a gift I mean that really
is maybe maybe I have a gift with
languages that whatever I have a gift
with politics there are things I can
share the philosophy been reading Taoist
philosophy lightly on all kinds of stuff
right okay so those are gifts
that's something positive but none of
them are ignorant they're all based on
knowledge and ability and experience and
something something paused your tea but
but the fact that I've never driven a
car doesn't mean that I'm I'm incapable
of feeling whether or not I in this car
are compatible that's the sense in which
nothing else is like sex nothing else
see see see
look the other one say real quick is the
gender asymmetry involved at one point
in this unbelievably boring video she
asks herself the question what is she
looking for in her perfect man and her
ideal man
she doesn't save virginity she's not
looking for a man who's a virgin why do
you think that is Christina and why do
you think men are looking for that in
you some are the worst men on earth are
the men who want to marry a virgin
specifically and especially the men who
want to marry a thirty year old virgin
those guys are trouble
and I want to point out too in terms of
the taboo works I made a video about how
I lost my own virginity and
philosophizing about it that's in the
title title is how I lost my virginity
philosophy and politics yeah and you can
see I have 88 thumbs down and 43 thumbs
up and to that it was one of our most
hated videos the competition is pretty
fierce there what is my most hated video
but this is definitely something we're
women talking about it from wins
perspective it's treated completely
differently and this delusion that
ignorant is a gift yeah exactly
it's all the more hollow it's all the
more hallowed when it's a woman rather
than a man because if a man is fumbling
and incompetent and lacks confidence in
the bedroom you see that it's completely
negative and when a what do you think
when a woman does those things its
beguiling and charming you know it's
it's it's ridiculous yes some people
convince themselves as that but really
if you look at it attached if you look
at it in a detached gender-neutral way
you know ignorance is ignorance for men
no I mean I think it's funny at the
start of this video I really was giving
her a chance and when you said like that
you just see virginity as negative like
you know after hearing her stance on it
you know I don't know if it's
necessarily just like the the only like
the way that she says it being so
self-righteous about it really made me
immediately want to like I was like okay
we need to record again because I'm like
we need to talk about it more cuz you
know after I had heard her reasoning to
me it just like why are you proud of
this like you you have experience in
relationships and other way
but like you need to have you should
have this experience as a human being
say he doesn't want to be a human being
that's worthy you're a sexual person
you've said that you know she has the
delusion that she's an angel
trapped in human flesh that's what it's
all about it's all about no no no I
won't admit to myself that I'm a type of
monkey that walks around on two legs
I want admit to myself that I'm an
animal that happens to have much more
reasoning capacity than other animals
and only when we're sober and only when
we're well-rested if I'm sleep-deprived
for a few days I'm a lot more like every
other animal let me tell you you know
it's clinging to that delusion the
delusions the soul is more real than the
mind and on the contrary the soul is
nothing but a figment of the imagination
and human sexuality is all too real I
mean really people like to disrespect my
truth but the fact is that you know my
name is I don't know